the new Canon 70d has the same focusing
system as the 70 so why bother buying 70
so inferior they should be both pretty
good at shooting sports and that's what
we're doing today last time we came to a
court place field kind of thing to play
ball on a table this time we're playing
ball against a wall
so today we're going to do hitting a
ball against the wall and that's really
the professional for this here we are
hey guys and then yeah and one more
though of today I'm going to take you to
page card come on let's go guy hey you
know when when I said back suit me it
was a professional snooker player might
have exaggerated that bit and the
waterproof lady got the name said she
was a professional swimmer who might be
a little white lie but she's good she's
good at this you could just check out
assets do you notice that there's never
any photographers on the field for this
this game staying staying well as well
way as possible
almost kids almost get it
protecting the camera that's all
I mean the 70d just totally embarrasses
the 62 in terms of focus skills
brilliant and accurate which oh they are
the new 70d is quite a fantastic
affordable DSLR this feels completely
ready for the action
and oh and happy though it seems like
seven TDs armed the same kind of
potential as the 7v we got assembly they
really do feel so much a moment
sandy is fantastic
when you shoot both cameras you most
likely won't feel much of a difference
in use so what sets 270 of home or is it
an outdated irrelevant DSLR unite
assembly has some benefits I mean it's a
tougher body is going will magnesium
alloy compared to the plastic and
plastic 70d so this should be tougher if
I should get hit or the camera gets hit
no problem despite both cameras
apparently having the same level where
the ceiling the 70d is more plastic II
doesn't matter where it does it you end
up getting hit by projectiles what's
more this has got a 100% accuracy
viewfinder so you know exactly what
you're gonna get
apart from a smack in the face when I
think of that first stand by the wall
I'll never get hit the game where it's
all about it's a ghoul anyway just got
eight FPS 17 verses the 7f case of
century 1 FPS doesn't really sound like
much but it does matter sometimes
especially when you've got Pro like this
that one if PS extra does meet a lot of
your photographing FERC line and you
ever get that shot that extra speed
makes all the difference
understanding you've got five auto
focusing zone modes
now although 270 is an older camera much
older this feels very relevant today
I know user 70 I don't own the 70 every
time we use one it just feels so good
again and again on the other hand why
would a 70d be a better choice let's
face it this obviously about 90% or
should I say 98% features and 17 I mean
performance
I mean throws a tantrum in for a lot of
people you won't really notice the
slightly slower birth weight and a 98%
accuracy viewfinder back to that 2%
although for the hardcore d-ball for the
professional it's pretty obvious that is
70 hundred percent accuracy you find
them is what you need and of course
you've got other features that the 70
doesn't have but perhaps not useful for
sports I mean why would you have a
tilting flippy screen for sports a
touchscreen of that but I must add that
a touch beyond this is fantastic
SUIM useful for setting settings mind
you it does have Wi-Fi which means I
don't actually need to be in this
which is on camera there stain safety
behind this protective glass and this
fabulous at us remote in the iPhone
smartphone all the information I need
here can change settings exposure combo
Oh
things as we've found out with the 60
when you use this it does lag quite a
bit actually live well as you could say
the live feed is not too bad
it depends sometimes it's bed and
sometimes it's pretty good at updating
but all the times it wins let's face it
the difference between 18 megapixels is
a 70 and 20 megapixels or the 70d is
negligible
even when it comes to ISO 1600 images
the difference in noises minimal well
perhaps assembly dude has a little extra
clarity in the details of the ISO to
3200 and isn't like one is hugely better
but a semi has slightly blotchy a noise
that doesn't look quite so nice the SEM
TD can go higher but a 7d is just little
behind not a lot you know I've just just
been using 70d for a few minutes active
is in sight this is insane
it's like camera peekaboo it's still the
same old stuff but it's good stuff and
it tickles me every time I use one I
can't help but enjoy 270 when it comes
to shooting sports photography Miss MD
is surely a classic the fact that it's
had a relatively long shelf life and to
be honest it's still very much cuts to
mustard hit chainsaws the mustard makes
this a keeper few more years the 70d is
a great all-rounder it's placed slightly
low in a product line in a 7d and as a
marvelous camera that offers up great
features in a camera body for all what's
not to like about that
but hang on doesn't that just mean that
the 70 month to is going to be bloody
brilliant